Hear what is up guys and what KMAX are now in this video we will be working up for the users.
OK we'll be just over viewing this user is that how users for it.
OK.
So in detail we'll be learning it later on.
We will be moving on with our projects.
OK.
So let's get started.
First of all you can see that I am in here and I'm the current user here and I am the administrator
so administrator is the one who manages the website.
OK.
That's all I think I don't have to explain about this administrator.
I am the admin.
I can if I can manage everything from here.
So let's suppose that you can see that when we were working out with our discussion settings.
OK then every user must be registered and logged in to comment.
OK let's suppose that this is selected and I am saving this.
OK.
And then a guy comes here to my website in a private window and he is not the user of my website.
He goes there he goes to the blog and he sees OK he can deal on offers mobile apps development great.
I have to reply and he says you must be logged in to post a comment.
OK I have to just click here to log in and I can.
I don't have an account so what do I need to register but how there is no registration link OK for that
to appear.
We need to go ahead to our general settings.
OK so any Here you have to click general settings and you have to select this like.
Anyone can register and his tray will be set to subscriber like upheavals be subscribe to our Web site
and then we can just come to our website.
So let's just go ahead and let's just save changes.
And now when a guy will come here he'll just go back.
He'll just see OK the guy needs to be logged in.
He'll just come here and he can see to his register gavelled come here.
He'll just hit register and then he'll just enter his user name.
So let's suppose that he is.
User name is Sam Sam.
OK.
And his e-mail address is this.
He's just going to come here and he's going to register decide for it and you can see it's just complete.
Please check your e-mail.
So the guy will go ahead.
He'll just go to the e-mail address and then now he vill open up his e-mail.
OK.
So let's just go to the e-mail address and let's open the e-mail.
He has registered so I'm going to go to the e-mail right now Alice click here.
And so now here you can see it says void press and then Ziller on your username and password info.
Ok this is going to open this up and here it says to set your password.
Visit the following address.
Is a easy to copy the link and now he'll try to log into the Web site.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to paste the link here.
OK.
And now here he will just enter his password.
So let's just go ahead and let's enter the password.
I mean to hide the password.
I'm going to enter it.
OK and then you're just going to hit select password in the top.
Now here he's going to log in.
So he's just going to enter the e-mail address sorry the username and then he has to enter the password
right now.
OK.
And then when he will just click log in you will see that he will be logged into our website too.
This is how his website is.
And now if you just go to the Web site right now and he just come here he go to the blog section and
now when he will just come here to iTunes offers mobile apps development and then you can see that this
is how now he can come in so he can comment and like ha ha ha ha ha.
And then his can post a comment.
OK.
So this is how it's going to work.
But the commande is first time he's commenting.
That is why it is evading for moderation so this is how it is where again we have all these settings
done.
OK.
And we didn't come here and I am now going to refreshed the list of users so I just refreshing.
You can see that this is a guy right here.
And here is the role of him that is coming right now.
So he's a subscriber.
He's just subtribe to our website.
And then he can post comment that's all he can do.
OK so now here if I just go to the dashboard a.
OK.
And then here you can see that we have just profile.
And that's all the list of polls that are coming.
And that's all we haven't given him the access so let's suppose that I want to give him more access.
OK.
And I want the rules to be like the contribution.
So for the CONTRIBUTOR Well he can do he can post to our website so I feel just come here.
He'll just refresh.
You can see that he can boast and he can even get a contact remailed OK.
He can conduct emails and he can also work with the common sense but he can not just work for this common
he cannot approve it.
OK.
Again just go ahead to post.
He can add a new post.
OK.
Like let's suppose that he want to add an impostor post by the con computer.
And now what he's going to do is can just not enter his post and he can not publish it.
OK.
It is submitted for a review.
The reason is that he's the contribution.
He's not the author if he's the author and he can publish it.
But his post will now be submitted for review.
OK.
So you can just previews those.
And this is this post.
OK.
Is posed by the contributor and this is posted by his guy and the Post is now actually submitted for
review.
It's pending.
OK.
So when I even log in I will see.
OK let me just go to the dashboard.
Let me just go to the main page.
And now here you can see it's Hayes.
The common dissolves for approving.
And if I just go to the polls right now and then I just come here.
Says the findings so I'll just come here.
I'll just view it and I will just see.
OK.
His post is cool and his post is great.
I'm just going to I'm here and I'm going to hit Post Published.
OK.
And now I'm going to do and I'm going to hit this update and that's all it can see.
That post is now published right now.
And then I will just come here and just refresh you can see Tay's post by the contributor but the guy
can not end it now.
OK so this is how it works the country bhooter has the limited access and he can just post and post
as published and this post is approved that he can not hated that so we have given so much access.
We've given this much access.
If you make it the author then he will regret it.
But we're not discussing about the role OK.
We're just over this so I hope that you have got the idea of how users work how you can get it and when
you will be working over the social networking website and forums then you will learn how it works much
better.
OK.
So now we're totally done.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
Stay tuned.
And bye bye.